---
layout:     post                    # 使用的布局（不需要改）
title:      SQL Notes              # 标题 
subtitle:     #副标题
date:       2018-09-06              # 时间
author:     Sandy                      # 作者
header-img: img/post-bg-2015.jpg    #这篇文章标题背景图片
catalog: true                       # 是否归档
tags:                               #标签
    - SQL
---

## WHY SQL?

Firstly, I have to say, **SQL**, is one of the most important skills for Data enthusiasts. SQL IS **Structured Query Language NOT A PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE**. Normally, we use T-SQL (Transact-SQL) in various database like MS SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, and others. We will have some briefings in the following series of blog to explore the miraculous language for RDBMS(Relational Database Management System).

## DDL(Data Definition Language)

DDL or Data Definition Language actually consists of the SQL commands that can be used to define the database schema. It simply deals with descriptions of the database schema and is used to create and modify the structure of database objects in database. Will show some examples as below:

- CREATE – is used to create the database or its objects (like table, index, function, views, store procedure and triggers). See the defined table and example with SQL Server as follows:

```sql
    CREATE TABLE <Table Name>
    (Column1, DataType,
     Column2, DataType,
     ...
     Columni, DataType
    )
```
```sql
    CREATE TABLE Orders
    (ID, int identity(1,1),
     NAME, nvarchar(),
     TIME, date, default getdate()
    )
```
DROP – is used to delete objects from the database.
ALTER-is used to alter the structure of the database.
TRUNCATE–is used to remove all records from a table, including all spaces allocated for the records are removed.
COMMENT –is used to add comments to the data dictionary.
RENAME –is used to rename an object existing in the database.

 

